docs: document Armada minReplicas zero-mode and fix validation rules (#291)
GameFabric/docs: src/multiplayer-servers/multiplayer-services/armada-replicas-and-buffer.md

Replicas are the number of game servers running in any given state, from `Starting` to `Ready`, from `Allocated` to `Unhealthy`, `Shutdown` or `Error`.

The **Minimum Replicas** setting keeps at least that many game servers running at all times, regardless of their state.

> When the count falls below the minimum, GameFabric spins up new game servers to compensate.

Reviewer: maybe explain *how* the count can fall below the minimum? e.g., "due to game sessions terminating"

### Minimum replicas

Minimum Replicas has two modes depending on whether it is set to `0` or a positive value.

**Set to `0` (defer to buffer):**
When Minimum Replicas is `0`, no static floor is enforced on total replicas.
The autoscaler targets the Buffer Size as the number of `Ready` servers — it spins up new servers whenever the `Ready` count drops below the buffer.
Total replicas at any given time reflect both `Ready` and `Allocated` servers combined, so the count rises above the buffer as demand grows and falls back as servers shut down.
Use this mode when you want the buffer alone to drive ready capacity and have no requirement to keep a fixed number of servers running at all times.

**Set to a positive value (static floor):**
When Minimum Replicas is greater than `0`, GameFabric keeps at least that many game servers running in any state at all times — regardless of whether they are `Ready`, `Allocated`, or `Unhealthy`.
The value must be at least as large as the Buffer Size and no larger than Maximum Replicas.

The **recommended default** is `0`: let the buffer drive ready capacity without adding a separate static floor.

> Use a positive value only when you have a specific reason to guarantee a minimum number of servers running regardless of demand — for example, pre-warming capacity ahead of a launch.

Reviewer: zero is oftentimes ambiguous with regard to positive and negative.
```suggestion
Use a non-zero value only when you have a specific reason to guarantee a minimum number of servers running regardless of demand — for example, pre-warming capacity ahead of a launch.
```
